DOC-1857 - Different resource groups selectable for private API server LBs (Azure IaaS) (#6746)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes/release-notes.md

  [Required IAM Permissions](../clusters/public-cloud/gcp/required-permissions.md#required-permissions) guide for all
  required GCP IAM permissions.

- When deploying an Azure IaaS cluster through a [Self Hosted PCG](../clusters/pcg/deploy-pcg-k8s.md), you can now
  select a specific resource group and private DNS zone for your private API server load balancer. This allows you to
  reuse an existing private DNS zone for multiple private Azure IaaS clusters even when the zone is kept in a different
  resource group.

>   Refer to the [Create and Manage Azure IaaS Cluster](../clusters/public-cloud/azure/create-azure-cluster.md) for
>   guidance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Refer to the [Create and Manage Azure IaaS Cluster](../clusters/public-cloud/azure/create-azure-cluster.md) guide for
  more information.
```
